rhkeywords.txt

This file contains all the key words that can be within a config file
and is used to generate a kickstart.  The file takes commands
delimited by newlines of the type

    <key> [option1] [option2] [option3] [...]

where the 'enable' key is a special case of the above.  Any key, and
its options/arguments, that is not known is ignored by the sys.  For
example, if you use the 'mac' keyword and specify the machines mac
address this key will be silently ignored.  (Having the MAC address
does not give this system any advantages.)  Options may also be
contained within double or single quotes so that an option may contain
spaces.  Also, have comments that begin with a '#' are supported.


Keys
====

    root  <MD5 Crypt>

Optional.  Sets the root password to the password represented by the
MD5 Crypt.

    admusers <user list>

Optional.  This is a list of admin users for the Red Hat Linux box.
These user names are added to /etc/sudoers.  Only put people here if
you want them to have root access.  User IDs are delimited with
whitespace. You are also going to want to use the user key to add an
account for these users.

    user <username> <userpassword>

Optional. If you would like to add users to the system during the
kickstart, this is the key for you. All it does is run adduser in
the post with the correct options.

    owner <owner>

Optional.  NOT IMPLEMENTED YET.  Take one option which should be a
valid email address.  All of root's mail will be sent here.

    package <packagename>

Optional.  Defaults to "@ Red Hat Workstation".  Use this key to
configure what packages and package groups get installed.  This key
can be used multiple times.  Specify one package or package group for
each use of the key.  (If you use this you really want to start out
with "package @ Red Hat Workstation" and then add further packages.
Things can break hear pretty easily.)

    use <filename>

Include another config file.  The filename must be a path to the
included file that is relative to the directory containing the Python
scripts for the system.  (Specifically, ks.py.)

    lang <default lang>

Optional.  Specify the default language.  The default is "en_US".

    langs <list of langs to install>

Optional.  Default is "en_US".  Use this key word to tell the
installer what languages to install.  You can specify multiple
languages by separating them with whitespace.

    part <partition def>

Optional.  Use this key to override the default and specify your own
partitioning scheme.  See the "part" option in the Kickstart
documentation in Red Hat's Customization guide at
http://www.redhat.com/docs to see the options this can take.

    src <from/how to install>

Optional.  This key can specify how and where to install from.
Currently, there are two options "nfs" and "ftp".  The default is
"ftp" and will install the kit from kickstart.linux.ncsu.edu.  The
"nfs" option installs via nfs from the same source.  More options can
be added in the future to support other install methods from other
mirrors.

    version <version string>

REQUIRED.  This key specifies what version of the Red Hat Linux to
install.  Currently, the options are:

    stock-7.3
    stock-8.0
    stock-9
    stock-default

The "stock-default" option should install the latest version Red Hat
Linux 9.

    grub  <MD5 Crypt>

Optional.  Use this key to specify a password from grub, the
bootloader.  You must use an MD5 Crypt here.

    driveorder <devices>

Optional.  Use this key to redefine the drive boot order.

    mouse [options] <mouse type>

Optional.  This key will define the exact type of mouse connected to
the system.  The default value is a generic 2 button mouse with 3
button emulation.  This key behaves exactly the same way as the
'mouse' keyword in a Red Hat Kickstart.  For complete documentation of
this key please see the Kickstart Options page at the following URL.

    xconfig [options]

Optional.  This key will define the X options that your system will be
configured with. You only need to specify the options that you want to 
change. The default options are:

    --hsync 31.5-80.0 --vsync 50-90 --resolution "1280x1024" --depth 24

All available options are listed in the Red Hat kickstart documentation. 

    service <service name> <on|off>

Optional. This key will let you turn services off and on in the post.
It just runs chkconfig for the service you specify.

http://www.redhat.com/docs/manuals/linux/RHL-7.3-Manual/custom-guide/s1-kickstart2-options.html

    enable <service> [option1] [option2] [...]

Enable certain other services.  The services supported are described
below.


Enable Style Services
=====================

    enable consolelogin

Optional.  Enable "local" users to be able to log into the machine at
the text console.  Default only treats logins from GDM as "local."

    enable notmpclean

Optional.  Disables tmpwatch.  Not recommend.

    enable nox

Optional.  Does not configure the X server.  It will be skipped by the
installer and must be configure manually after installation.

    enable noreinstall

Optional.  Disables the magic that lets you select Reinstall from Grub
to reinstall the machine.  The default is to set this up.  It does
require a URL of the web-kickstart server which is generated from the
Apache request object when a request to generate a Kickstart is
received.  There's a -u option to check.py to work with this as well.


